（英語版）本人確認方法としてパスキーを紹介・第一段階（箱を出す） (#1963)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/components/en/mfa/select/Passkey.mdx

import If from "@components/utils/If.astro";

{/**
 * @typedef {object} Props
 * @property {import("@components/pages/mfa/tabs").Group} group
 */}

> This method allows you to verify your identity using passkeys saved in services such as "iCloud Keychain" or "Google Password Manager". Use this as your second or subsequent verification method after registering another verification method. Note that identity verification using passkeys is currently a preview feature, so the assistance the support desk can provide may be limited. For details, refer to [Using Passkeys for UTokyo Account Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)](/utokyo_account/mfa/passkey/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use passkeys saved in services such as "iCloud Keychain" or "Google Password Manager" to verify your identity. There are some systems where you cannot use them, so you have to register another method as primary and use them as alternatives. Please note that identity verification using passkeys is currently in preview, so the support desk may provide limited assistance. For more details, see [Using Passkeys for UTokyo Account Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)](/en/utokyo_account/mfa/passkey/).
```

Reviewer: 表現をfidoに似せました
リンク先が日本語ページだったので英語ページにしました

> You can use passkeys saved in services such as "iCloud Keychain" or "Google Password Manager" to verify your identity. There are some systems where you cannot use them, so you have to register another method as primary and use them as alternatives. Please note that identity verification using passkeys is currently in preview, so the support desk may provide limited assistance. For more details, see [Using Passkeys for UTokyo Account Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)](/en/utokyo_account/mfa/passkey/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use passkeys saved in services such as "iCloud Keychain" or "Google Password Manager" to verify your identity. There are some systems where you cannot use them, so you have to register another method as primary and use them as alternatives. Please note that identity verification using passkeys is currently in preview, so the support desk may provide limited assistance. For more details, see [How to use a passkey for Multi-Factor Authentication for UTokyo Accounts](/en/utokyo_account/mfa/passkey/).
```
